Add acknowledgements and other README updates. (#252)
UCL/TDMS: README.md

and title at the top of README.md when building the project page (the title
would be duplicated) everything else in README.md is also the project homepage. -->

> # TDMS · [![latest release](https://badgen.net/github/release/UCL/TDMS)](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/releases)  [![license](https://badgen.net/github/license/UCL/TDMS)](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Build and test](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![MATLAB tests](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/actions/workflows/matlab_tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UCL/TDMS/actions/workflows/matlab_tests.yml)

Author: All on one line like this: when we get a Zenodo DOI badge it will fit.

Here's a mockup...
![Screenshot 2023-03-10 at 09 28 18](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1836192/224278625-d6595ad5-b0e6-4861-a9fb-b958c7b57ea1.png)

We might also consider renaming MATLAB tests to just "MATLAB" for space reasons.

## Usage

Once the executable has been compiled and installed, `tdms` should be in the `PATH`.
Check that installation worked with

```bash
$ tdms -h
```

You can invoke it directly or call it from a MATLAB script.

> We recommend that beginners with MATLAB installed start with the demonstration MATLAB script.

Reviewer: It has been a while since we checked that the example script actually works... Also with the pending updates to `iteratefdtd_matrix`, we should probably do this before the project ends. Will add this to #247

-m:	Minimise output file size by not saving vertex and facet information
```

> The basic workflow is with two arguments, an input file as specified by [`iterate_fdtd_matrix.m`](./tdms/matlab/iteratefdtd_matrix.m), and an output file name to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic workflow is with two arguments; an input file containing source fields, material composition, material properties and other simulation parameters as detailed in the documentation, and an output file name to be created.
The [`iterate_fdtd_matrix.m`](./tdms/matlab/iteratefdtd_matrix.m) script can be used to produce a valid input file from a MATLAB script and source-field functions. 
```

> You can choose two possible solver methods: either pseudo-spectral time-domain (PSTD, the default) or finite-difference (FDTD, with option `--finite-difference`).

Reviewer: #262 - The defaults have now swapped. Also the interpolation method is now in the input file too. Finally, they're no longer flags, but this should all come out in the form of merge conflicts.
